I am very disappointed that I won't be
able to celebrate Howard's
accomplishment tonight me too but we'll
see him tomorrow yes it's just that in
all the years I've known him he's never
had the opportunity to receive my
admiration I was excited to see the look
on his face when it finally happened
you're unbelievable I know all right
pictionary what are the teams how about
boys versus girls
oh that hardly seems fair yeah but I
guess any team that I'm not on has a
decided disadvantage
once again unbelievable once again I
know all right round one here got it
okay ready
box window Batman Batman and Robin
Wonder Twins plus the monkey Wonder
Twins plus the monkey and Batman
gift present
how can you not get that what universe
is that a present it's not a present its
the present look there's you and me yes
penny and Amy we're playing pictionary
in the present
oh my god we're gonna kill them it's a
core gluon plasma no it's asymptotically
free Parton's inside a quark-gluon
plasma nothing with quarks it's an
observational rebuttal of the lambda-cdm
model of the universe No
how could you miss that yeah hey if you
want someone to guess chocolate-chip
cookie you draw a glass of milk next to
it
penny got it yeah only after I
eliminated all the obvious answers
you're welcome
sausage bratwurst
I talk penny aren't you gonna draw
something relax we got time this is so
fun their solar system unidentified
flying liverwurst now soon come on
Leonard I am spoon-feeding this to you
I don't know Casper the alcoholic goes
alright that's enough
hands nail polish the word is polish
Polish sausage I think that model of the
solar system developed by Nicolaus
Copernicus a Polish astronomer finally
that wasn't enough which it should have
been this is Madame Curie killing
herself by discovering radium who
although she was a naturalized French
citizen was polish by birth excuse me
the word is polish see small P so it is
I guess we both share blame on this one
Amy